Let us solve a problem on string.
The challenge is very simple.
We have to find out the length of a string.
We have to count how many characters are there in a string.
For this, you have to write a program where you have to declare one string.
Whatever the string you like, you can take it.
I have taken a string that is welcome all in capital letters.
Then you have to write the logic for finding the length by counting all the characters one by one.
Like here, the length of a string is seven.
So I should get that answer as seven.
I'll explain you how it can be done.
Suppose this is a string str.
Then you have to check all the characters one by one until you reach null character.
So you can scan through the string letter by letter by using a four loop.
Right.
And you can access every location by its index by seeing str of a.
I'm just showing you the elements that you have to use.
And this is to verify it's a W and this is e, l, so on.
And when it reaches null character, you have to stop.
So how to check the null character?
So you have to write it in.
The single cause backslash and this is zero.
Make sure you are typing zero.
You should not type.
Oh, so it should be in single quotes.
And while scanning through this entire string, you can maintain one counter that is initially count
is zero and you have to go on incrementing the counter.
And once you reach this null character, the string, this loop should stop and this count will be having
the length of a string.
So one method I have shown you by using a follow and index.
There is one more method already have shown you in previous videos.
You can use a iterator on a string that is string iterator you can take.
And you can start this iterator from a beginning of a string that is structured to begin.
And you can reach at the end that is stroke end, and you can stop it.
And while iterating through a string by using a for loop, this is also done using for loop.
And here also you can maintain a count and you can.
Increment that current value.
Right.
So by either using begin and end offer iterator, you can scan through a string or by using index you
can scan through a string and you have command and a counter which will count the number of characters
which gives the length of a string.
So you can post the video and you can try this program by yourself.
It's a very simple program.
No doubt we can directly find the length of a string by calling a function length.
But here, let us do it using followup.
So post the video and try it.
If you can't get it, then you can continue the video.
And there is a solution.
I will create the program and show you.
If you have tried and got the solution, that's very good.
Otherwise, I'm giving you the solution for this challenge.
For this I will declare one variable count and that is initialize to zero and I will use a follow up
integer.
I assign zero onwards and str of I.
I should continue until it is not equal to null character.
If it is equal, it should stop.
If it is not equal, it should continue.
Then say a plus plus.
Then here simply say count plus, plus.
That's all.
Now, at the end, I will print length.
Length is.
Count and also.
See by just using a follow up.
You can do this one.
I will turn it and show you.
Yes.
Length seven.
Length of string seven.
Now second method, as I said, you can also use a string iterator, so I'll just change this one string
iterator and that is it.
Then here, say.
In the follow up.
I'd assign a strict begin then here it should stop when it reaches.
And so it is not equal to strict and.
And I have to do it plus, plus.
So I have made changes and stuff, writing it freshly.
So these are the changes I have done and the plus plus finally displaying count.
Let us read this.
Yes.
I got the 27.
That's it.
So at least you can try the program now.
Don't just watch the videos, practise them, write the same thing, and do it by yourself.
In the next video, we'll see.
Another challenge.
And this logic of iterating through a string or scanning through a string is very useful.